README.md, before:

# Project Name

**Author**: Yirim Seck and Zach Winterton
**Version**: 1.0.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
We are building this application to aithenticate usersn to verify their identity.  

## Getting Started
first you must create a React app in your termianl running the proper code for setup. you'll want to set up two seperate repositories for both your frontend and backend.

## Architecture
This app was made using Javascrip, css, bootstrap components.

## Change Log

08-014-2021 11:44pm - set up Auth account. following the docs wrapped App in Auth0 and added Auth to index js.

## Credit and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
Time Estimates
For each of the lab features, make an estimate of the time it will take you to complete the feature, and record your start and finish times for that feature:

Name of feature: Auth0

Estimate of time needed to complete: unknown

Start time: 3;30

Finish time:11:44

Actual time needed to complete: 4 hours

Commit message:

corrected to code, created login authentiication

README.md, after:

# Project Name

**Author**: Yirim Seck and Zach Winterton
**Version**: 2.5.0 (increment the patch/fix version number if you make more commits past your first submission)

## Overview
We are building this application to aithenticate usersn to verify their identity.  

## Getting Started
first you must create a React app in your termianl running the proper code for setup. you'll want to set up two seperate repositories for both your frontend and backend.

## Architecture
This app was made using Javascrip, css, bootstrap components.

## Change Log

08-014-2021 11:44pm - set up Auth account. following the docs wrapped App in Auth0 and added Auth to index js.

## Credit and Collaborations
<!-- Give credit (and a link) to other people or resources that helped you build this application. -->
Time Estimates
For each of the lab features, make an estimate of the time it will take you to complete the feature, and record your start and finish times for that feature:

Name of feature: Auth0

Estimate of time needed to complete: unknown

Start time: 3;30

Finish time:11:44

Actual time needed to complete: 4 hours

_________________________________________________________________
08-018-2021

Name of feature: loginButton and reworked some code to render my page

Estimate of time needed to complete: unknown

Start time: 8:00

Finish time:10:15

Actual time needed to complete: 1.5 hrs

(WRRC-Lab11.jpg)[WRRC-Lab11.jpg]
